in Gaza where Israeli forces show no
sign of ending their assault on the
Strip they've killed at least 58
Palestinians since Saturday morning 10
children are among the latest victims
they were Sheltering at a school near
the jabalia refugee camp in the north
when it was bombed meanwhile in the
southern city of Rafa an Israeli strike
there has killed at least six members of
the same family one of them a child
paramedics rushed to the scene there
after the attack Israel has intensified
its assaults across the Gaza Strip since
Saturday rocket attacks and shelling
have continued despite the international
court of justice ordering Israel to Halt
all military operations on the southern
city well let's go straight to our
correspondent on the ground honey mmud
joins us now from darl Bala in central
Gaza honey as we've been saying
intensifying strikes across the entire
strip it seems talk us through what
Israel's been
targeting yes well been more than 24
hours since the icg ruling uh was issued
demanding the Israeli military to uh to
show to hold old hostilities of RA City
we're seeing on the contrary on the
ground the surging the attacks across
the city and the central area as well as
the northern part and just within the
past couple hours there really military
intensifi its artillery Shilling of the
eastern part of hanun that's the Eastern
side of Salah Road where people who are
try to get back to their homes are
pushed into further internal
displacement they are they have had no
other choice but to move to the center
part of the city and all the way to the
evacuation Zone that's Al maasi in
western part of Kan they reports of
injuries who are transferred to the Gaza
European Hospital from the area but
overnight attacks in ra City resulted in
the the uh the killing of six people
from one family including uh including a
child from the same family and we were
told by a family member who who who
stayed alive who said the family lived
in eastern part of city and within the
past 15 days they were forced to
evacuate to the northern eastern part of
the city in this residential home that
came under heavy bombardment six members
of the entire family were killed right
at the spot several other injuries were
all transferred either to the Gaz ran
hospital and those who could not just
cross the road Salah road to Gaza
Hospital were taken to the Kuwaiti
hospital that's the western part where
Israeli military just intensive vies
attacked at the surrounding area the
vicinity of the Kuwaiti hospital just
pushing it on a bring of of collapse and
and not only just the attacks that are
pushing the hospital at collapse it's
just the the the shortage of a fuel
that's going on similar situation in the
central area where six people were
killed at the women's center that's been
taken care of women's Affair displaced
women's in the central part of the strip
the Israeli military contined to pound
across the northern part of the strip
particularly jabalia refugee camp and
honey we've been hearing in the last few
hours that Aid is now apparently
entering through through the Karam Abu
Salam Crossing in the South there are
several hundred trucks that are meant to
to come in do we know how that operation
is going where any of that Aid is
headed well right now the operations and
these efforts are the culmination of the
uh coordinated efforts between the US
Administration Egyptian authorities and
Israel to uh because ra Crossing is not
available not operational right now so
Karman Crossing is the alternative for
the flow of a humanitarian ad so far we
know that there are 200 trucks that have
been agreed upon to enter the Gaza Strip
four of those 200 trucks are fuel trucks
and same exact number of G cooking gas
but so far uh there no talks about
medical supplies coming in this on this
humanitarian Convoy as well as uh the
number is not nearly enough in the face
of the the challenges the horrible
living conditions the famine that is
started to to spread not only in the
northern part but also part of it here
in the central part and the southern
part of the trip 18 days where no water
food or medical supplies have been
allowed there is a shortage in basic
necessities including uh water supplies
here we talk about because of the lack
of a fuel the only water desolation here
is at risk of shutting down if the fuel
does not come in today which means
thousand of this place families are
going to go thirsty not only hungry
right now but also thirsty because of
the the only desolate nation of plan is
going through shut down
operations honey Mahmud there with the
very latest for us from the ground
reporting from Daryl Bala on the central
Gaza Strip thank you
honey make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer